at least nine Palestinians have been
killed by Israeli forces in the occupied
West Bank the Israeli military is raided
multiple locations including nor shem's
refugee camp in taram at least five
Palestinians died during armed
confrontations at least 73 Palestinians
have been killed and 1300 injured by
Israeli forces or settlers since October
the
7th only that ibraim joins us now live
from rala so is The Siege another Siege
in the West Bank turning bloody
now yes and and you word that
Palestinians haven't heard in years a
curfew at the N Shams refugee camp where
Medics are finding it difficult to reach
the wounded and possibly the dead so
we're hearing from locals inside the
camp that they're unable to count the
dead so far the Palestinian Health
Ministry has announced that five
Palestinians have been killed in
tarim area alone after Israeli forces
raided the refugee camp since the early
hours of Monday they've been turning
homes into military posts destroying
roads there's no electricity no water
inside the camp so we're talking about
basically a total isolation of the camp
where Palestinians are still trying to
get to their dead and to their wounded
so we are expecting that numbers to rise
as we speak now and as Palestinian
Medics are trying to get inside the camp
and assess the situation let's not
forget that this not isn't is not the
first time that the Israeli forces raid
the nem refugee camp because we've seen
them do so before we were there just in
late September and we've seen the
Israeli forces bulldozing also through
roads there are dozens of armed
Palestinians there in the camp and we
believe that Israeli forces are trying
to Target them but as we've seen from
early pictures from within the refugee
camp itself some of those who were
killed were not involved in the fighting
a a a 16-year-old has been shot and when
his father tried to help him he was shot
as well the father made it but the son
did not so we're talking about a very
tense situation that is unfolding now in
toim and that talk to us about how the
anger the protests are shaping up across
the West Bank and
Beyond
well let's not forget that Palestinians
here in the occupied West Bank need
Israeli military permits that are almost
impossible to get to be able to see
their fellow Palestinians in the
besieged Gaza Strip so they are
geographically separated and separated
by the fact that they fall under one
military occupation so you can imagine
the amount of frustration some people
have families in Gaza and they cannot
even uh get a chance to get to check on
them to call them because of the
problems and the communications issues
that are uh facing Palestinians there so
there's a lot of anger but also you talk
about Palestinians here in the occupied
West Bank whose situation is probably a
little bit better because when we talk
about the death toll yes the death toll
in the occupied West Bank is less than
that in the besieged Gaza Strip but when
you talk about the Israeli measures they
are so similar you're talking about
Palestinians who are saying that their
lands are being taken that they're being
targeted with an excessive use of force
by isi forces so there's a lot of
similarities between the way the Israeli
forces are dealing with the Palestinians
in their different geographical
locations so you can imagine how that
makes Palestinians feel and also since
the beginning of the war Palestinians
would tell you that the amount of
arrests of Palestinians have tripled the
amount of killings has increased 73
Palestinians so far have been killed
just since October the 7th and we've
been already saying before this current
escalation that the Palestinians have
had their deadliest year here in the
occupied West Bank in two decades so you
can imagine that 70 people or more have
been killed just in a span of less than
two weeks and in the whole year we had
200 Palestinians so we are looking at an
intense situation and with the raids
that are ongoing in different locations
in the occupied West Bank tension is
still
mounting all right thanks so much nid
ibraim reporting to us from the West
blank